So one of the questions that people
had here in the room were the some of
the terminology behind CSS.
So I thought we'd just take
a look at a declaration here,
actually technically a rule, and
we'd go through some of these definitions.
So one of these things here
on the page just like this,
this is called the CSS rule.
All of the bits and
parts together, that is a rule.
A rule is broken into two parts.
One part is the selector.
In this case, it's everything you see
here in line 1, that's technically
three different selectors, separated
by commas in this particular case.
You could have, of course,
several of those.
They might be descendant selectors,
they might be group selectors like this.
There's all kinds of
different possibilities.
But anything outside of those curly
brackets, those are selectors.
Then you have inside of that
between the curly brackets,
this is called the declaration block.
Each individual line is a declaration.
So color red, that's a declaration.
Font family, Arial, Sans Serif,
that's a declaration.
And then the declarations
are broken into two parts.
One part is a property,
that's the left side of the colon.
The other part on the right side
of the colon is a value [LAUGH].
We talk about property value pairs,
they're everywhere.
So yes, those are properties and values.
So those are the words that
are normally talked about with CSS.
So we'll talk a lot about selectors,
that's the stuff outside
of the curly brackets.
Way less emphasis on what's inside
of the curly brackets today.
We're gonna talk about properties and
values, lots and
lots of properties and values.